official website of the project 3w. in avoid
dot com
you are not before playing the law with you
ring is prescribed to him every round
starts from 1 to 20 under each player
of you i have always considered it not my
next to whom we train shooting under
right tactics as we sit season 2 all
so as not to produce counter-strike as
as if I didn’t know where he was going from Tibetan
cut down and you can do everything
hello today's lesson will be different
from previous today we talk about
flash games that helps a lot
players to respond as quickly as possible
on the appearance of an opponent in a certain
place and how to quickly be guided to
the goal of course is to make great headshots
let's start with installing programs that
help us raise our level of interference
There are many sites on the Internet that
designed to train the reaction but
we offer only two games that
slightly different from each other but
this balances one another
let's start with a game called go below
under the video there is a link to download
of this program
everything is very simple after downloaded
you unpack the archive current folder and
only one label appears which you
launch and start the game
if someone has trouble
start the game delete it and along with it
strike himself at this level
ended and go to the very
description of this game, everything looks very
just a small window with which the first
what we see is a lot of ovals with
which our targets will appear on
and which will need to get round
Lasts only 30 seconds for which you
must hit targets as much as possible
failures do not take away from you
a point hit gives you plus two points
even in this game of two options
getting into bill gates
1 this system with which you fall
in everything and not highlighting each
target and 2 is of course the choice of each
target and try to be as clear as possible
knock each one out of it of course
better and better records set
can and between each other and share
by their achievements thus
motivate distance
the game
Another flash game is probably a reflex
the most popular game of all
outside you are required to knock out as much as possible
balls but not enough to drink as
it is possible more so still they need to try
knock out until they will
increase
it will give you a plus to your gaming
the result is taken away from you
a thousand points with each round of speed
balls increases and knock them out
it gets harder and harder for me
the record number of points was five hundred
twenty four thousand after i
I saw how they akhundov he is a coachman
stuffed 606 thousand well and after on
Ukrainian final double u si ji
an old man before the game filled 707 thousand
the question of whether to play
It suggests itself of course it costs because
top players show us visual
an example that before the games in addition to demos
worth playing a couple of games for flash games
now let's go to the cards which
help us raise our level of shooting
accept cards from the esko cdi team
There are cards from the composition of steam 3d
some have seen have not played these
Well, some cards are not convenient.
so that they can work on them
vodka as positional and in motion
the list of cards is incomplete so if you
you have to understand and where to get
the rest will be very grateful to you and
Immediately attach them to the news card
cropped on dust2 card can be played
only on apple and
over Raynie can be played both on the pent and on the b
not only on
and yet on these maps is very
convenient to play 2 on 2 and blood and ready
Plenty to play on hold and try to
to train some kind of pairing in
Generally for every taste on it all around
successful training
guys
official website of the project 3w. you escapes
. com